Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedtennis-classes-solution
<br>
In this assignment you will parse and compute statistics from the results of Grand Slam tennis championships (the Australian Open, the French Open, Wimbledon, and the U.S. Open). Here’s a crash course in tennis scoring: A match between two players consists of a number of sets. For men’s Grand Slam events, the ﬁrst player to win three sets is the winner of the match (a.k.a., the best of ﬁve). Each set in the match consists of a number of games. The ﬁrst player to win six games is the winner of the set, but the player must win by two games. If the set score gets to 6-5 (or 5-6), the players play a twelfth game. If the set score is 7-5 (or 5-7), the set is over. If the players are tied at 6-6 they play a special game called a tiebreak and the winner of the tiebreak wins the set, 7-6 (or 6-7). At the Australian Open, French Open, and Wimbledon, there is a special exception and in the ﬁfth set they do not play a tiebreak. They just keep playing regular games until one player is ahead by two games (resulting in some fantastic 5 hour matches!) More details on the tennis scoring system are available here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tennis_scoring_system. As an example of the input format, here is the result of the recent men’s ﬁnal at the 2015 Australian Open: Novak Djokovic d. Andy Murray 7-6 6-7 6-3 6-0 In this match, player Novak Djokovic defeated player Andy Murray in a four set match. Djokovic won the ﬁrst set (which went to a tiebreak). Murray won the second set (also a tiebreak). In the third set Murray only won three games, and in the last set Murray did not with any games. File I/O and Command Line Arguments Your program will run with two command-line arguments, one being the input ﬁle containing the match information and the other being the output ﬁle where you will write the computed statistics. For example, here is a valid command line to your program: ./tennis_statistics.out sample_scores.txt sample_scores_out.txt The input data comes from http://stevegtennis.com/. The format has been modiﬁed to ease parsing. Each match is listed on a separate line. The winner is always listed ﬁrst. Each player has a ﬁrst name and a last name (two strings). The special string “d.” is placed between the two names. Each set is a string concatenating the number of games the ﬁrst player won with the number of games the second player won, with the character “-” between. Statistics Collected and Output The output will be a single ﬁle with three parts. First is a table with the players ordered by the percentage of matches they won. Each row of the table should include the player, the number of matches won, the number of matches lost and the percentage of matches won. You should do a little bit of nice formatting to this output (see the example code from lecture and). For example, given an input ﬁle with these matches: Marcos Baghdatis d. Radek Stepanek 6-4 6-3 3-6 0-6 7-5 David Nalbandian d. Danai Udomchoke 6-2 6-2 1-6 6-7 6-1 Marcos Baghdatis d. Ivan Ljubicic 6-4 6-2 4-6 3-6 6-3 Marcos Baghdatis d. David Nalbandian 3-6 5-7 6-3 6-4 6-4 Your program will produce this table: MATCH STATISTICS Player W L percentage Marcos Baghdatis 3 0 1.000 David Nalbandian 1 1 0.500 Danai Udomchoke 0 1 0.000 Radek Stepanek 0 1 0.000 Ivan Ljubicic 0 1 0.000 The second part of the output is a table with the players ordered by the percentage of games they won. As in the ﬁrst part, each row lists the player, the number of games won, the number of games lost and the percentage of games won. Here’s the output for the data above: GAME STATISTICS Player W L percentage David Nalbandian 49 44 0.527 Radek Stepanek 24 22 0.522 Marcos Baghdatis 73 69 0.514 Ivan Ljubicic 21 25 0.457 Danai Udomchoke 18 25 0.419 The third and ﬁnal part of the output is a chance for you to be creative. You will collect and output some other statistic from the matches. For example, you could identify which sets went to a tiebreak, and sort the players by performance in these tiebreak sets. Another eample would be to ﬁnd all the matches where the ultimate winner lost the ﬁrst set and output the players who most often “come from behind to win”. Extra credit will be awarded to particularly interesting statistics that require clever programming. The most important task for the this part of the assignment is to write a concise description (&lt; 100 words) of your new statistic. Put this description in your README.txt along with any other notes for the grader. Be sure to tell the grader which dataset best demonstrates your new statistic. Create your own dataset and include it and your program’s output for that test case with your submission. Useful Code To control the formatting of your tables, you’ll want to read up on the various iomanipulators: std::setw(int), std::setprecision(int), and std::fixed. And don’t forget about the sort function that can be used to order the contents of a vector. To help you parse a string from the input ﬁle that represents a set, we provide the following code to get you started: // Parses a string that represents a set (i.e., “6-3”) by breaking the // string into two substrings and converting those strings to // integers, which are returned via call-by-reference parameters void parse_set(std::string &amp;set, int &amp;games_won, int &amp;games_lost) { int i = set.find(‘-‘); games_won = atoi(set.substr(0,i).c_str()); games_lost = atoi(set.substr(i+1,set.size()-i-1).c_str()); } With the code above and the &lt;&lt; input stream function for strings used in lecture you can implement all of the parsing necessary for this assignment. Hint: By looking at the results of the ﬁrst 3 sets, you can determine whether a 4th set was played and you should read in another set or whether the match was over after 3 sets and next string contained in the ﬁle is part of the next match. In fact, your code will not care about newlines in the input ﬁle. Program Requirements &amp; Submission Details Your program should involve the deﬁnition of at least one class that has its own .h and .cpp ﬁles, named appropriately. Initially, you should focus on the dataset of matches that required 5 sets. Once that is working you can extend your solution to handle all matches. Be sure to read the “Homework Grading Criteria” as you put the ﬁnishing touches on your solution. Use the provided template README.txt ﬁle for notes you want the grader to read. You must do this assignment on your own, as described in the “Collaboration Policy &amp; Academic Integrity” handout. If you did discuss this assignment, problem solving techniques, or error messages, etc. with anyone, please list their names in your README.txt ﬁle.